Adds link for sending notification using Microsoft Teams (#4274)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/role-based-access-control/add-user-groups.md

5. Configure the notification settings for the preferred channel:
   * **Email/Alias:** Enter any group email addresses where Harness can send notifications. For more information, go to [Send Notifications Using Email](../notifications/add-smtp-configuration.md#option-send-notifications-for-a-user-group-using-email).
   * **Slack Webhook URL:** Enter the Slack channel Incoming Webhook URL. For more information, go to [Send Notifications Using Slack](../notifications/send-notifications-using-slack.md).

>    * **Microsoft Teams Webhook URL:** Enter the Microsoft Teams incoming webhook URL. For more information, go to [Send Notifications Using Microsoft Teams](../send-notifications-to-microsoft-teams.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Microsoft Teams Webhook URL:** Enter the Microsoft Teams incoming webhook URL. For more information, go to [Send Notifications Using Microsoft Teams](/docs/platform/send-notifications-to-microsoft-teams).
```

>    * **Microsoft Teams Webhook URL:** Enter the Microsoft Teams incoming webhook URL. For more information, go to [Send Notifications Using Microsoft Teams](/docs/platform/send-notifications-to-microsoft-teams).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Microsoft Teams Webhook URL:** Enter the Microsoft Teams incoming webhook URL. For more information, go to [Send notifications to Microsoft Teams](/docs/platform/notifications/send-notifications-to-microsoft-teams/).
```
